Hey guys I just wanted to pop in and give you guys an update on everything that I'm doing.
Everybody who's in the course you have been following along with my new adventures with Airbnb but everybody
else I wanted to give you a little bit of a preview of what I'm doing as well.
So a little bit different in my life.
I'm actually planning a trip coming up and so I decided to put my place up on Airbnb.
It's been an extended trip.
I decided to do it for a starting April 1st and do it for three months.
I'm actually going to be going to Thailand.
So if anybody's in the area and wants to meet up let me know.
But so I decided to do a trip and do this quite often because Aramean B allows me to do that.
And I just wanted to show you guys what's been happening over the last five days.
It's been a huge kind of shock to me.
I've always had a popular profile enlisting them but this has been pretty much blown me away.
So in five days I have made in bookings nineteen thousand six hundred and forty dollars that is over
18 bookings and I've gotten 800 page views so it's pretty insane.
I have just been under an avalanche of inquiries and I will show you what my dashboard looks like.
So as you can see here I still have some bookings that are on the ropes right here.
So put it up on the third one from 179 views and it's getting 143 133 93 and then just today something
like 248 as you can see here is literally I booked five out of my 10 inquiries book Nine out of my four
book 11 and my three eccentrics that are really making bookings because I opened up three months.
Now keep in mind guys I don't have the entire calendar open like most airplane because I only have a
three month period and it's short notice.
And this is how many inquiries and reservations I'm getting.
What I love about this is since I book Nineteen thousand dollars for every single one of my page views
it ends up being like $20 or $22 a page view.
So every time someone hits my page making theoretically $22.
So and also it's interesting right here is that as this has progressed my calendar started to fill up.
So I'm still getting so many page views but actually my calendar has been showing fewer and fewer dates
should actually this explains why it went down and that today had a big burst.
One of the things I'm really proud about right now is I can show you this.
So just pick a day in San Francisco that my property is available and I know if top of my head that
it's available for June 1st to the 3rd there's not a lot of dates available right now.
I can pick three guests and and right there I am number one in San Francisco.
So my listing that's out of 5000 listings airplane started in San Francisco it's headquartered in San
Francisco.
This is like their flagship city.
Host here I've been hosting for five six years even and I'm number one as long as you look for three
guests.
That is awesome.
And I honestly I just got to this point by using the techniques in this course I use a lot of the advanced
techniques that I've been posting in the last month like turbocharging you're listing and like for instance
hyper charging your reviews and ways that you can jump up in your search rankings really quickly especially
when you know there's a big block that's coming up.
I have all these sorts of techniques for getting rid of book ins and maximizing how many reservations
you can get within smaller spaces.
All that stuff that's on the course.
Obviously you you want to see how I've done this check it out.
We can take a look at my calendar.
So I started it on April 2nd.
And here we go.
This is in five days and then may again five days of posting this with a limited calendar.
This is what it looks like.
So pretty incredible.
I would imagine in the next two weeks I fill up the vast majority of this.
And so then I'll post another update when it's some other astronomical number I'm assuming it's going
to start to slow down because there's not as many large blocks where people are searching for him but
so far guys it has been a rush.
Really enjoying it guys I'm loving the discussions that we're having in the group.
If you are thinking about posting your listing get up there and post it.
It doesn't matter if you necessarily have a fantastic property or a fantastic space.
We address all of this in the course.
So honestly if you just if you just focus on some basic tenants and you use some of the advanced skills
that we go over throughout this entire course there's no reason you cannot maximize your space.
You'd be really really surprised at how much money you can make with your space.
You just have to get out there list your space and start using the techniques in this course and it'll
start to snowball and you'll get up there pretty quickly guys so I will see you guys in the next lecture.